Simplify repo create cmd (#666)
tektoncd/pipelines-as-code: docs/content/docs/install/github_webhook.md

<https://docs.github.com/en/authentication/keeping-your-account-and-data-secure/creating-a-personal-access-token>

Depending on Repository, the token needs certain permission

> for public repository: `public_repo` scope

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to read a public repository. The scopes are : 
* `public_repo` scope for public available repositories
* The whole `repo` scope for private repositories.
```

<https://docs.github.com/en/authentication/keeping-your-account-and-data-secure/creating-a-personal-access-token>

> Depending on Repository, the token needs certain permission

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Depending of the Repository access scope, the token will need different permissions.
```

> to read a public repository. The scopes are :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For public repositories the scope are:
```

* `public_repo` scope for public available repositories

> * The whole `repo` scope for private repositories.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

For private repositories:

* The whole `repo` scope.
```

{{< /hint >}}

## Create Repository and Configure webhook

Now, you have 2 ways to configure the webhook:

* You could use [`tkn pac repository create`](/docs/guide/cli) command which
  will create repository CR and configure webhook

>   You need personal access token created before to have `admin:repo_hook` scope. CLI will use this token to configure

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  You need to have a personal access token created with `admin:repo_hook` scope. tkn-pac will use this token to configure
```

webhook and add it in a secret on cluster which will be used by controller for accessing the repository.

> After configuring webhook, you can update the token in secret with just the scopes mentioned [here](#generate-a-token-for-pipelines-as-code).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After configuring the webhook, you will be able to update the token in the secret with just the scopes mentioned [here](#generate-a-token-for-pipelines-as-code).
```

{{< /hint >}}

> ## Create Repository and Configure webhook

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Creating a Repository CR and Configuring webhook
```

Now, you have 2 ways to configure the webhook:

* You could use [`tkn pac repository create`](/docs/guide/cli) command which
  will create repository CR and configure webhook

>   You need to have a personal access token created with `admin:repo_hook` scope. tkn-pac will use this token to configure

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  You need to have a personal access token created with `admin:repo_hook` scope. tkn-pac will use this token to configure the
```

webhook and add it in a secret on cluster which will be used by controller for accessing the repository.
After configuring the webhook, you will be able to update the token in the secret with just the scopes mentioned [here](#generate-a-token-for-pipelines-as-code).

>  or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 
```

> * You could follow the [Configure webhook manually](#configure-webhook-manually) guide to do it manually

Reviewer: ```suggestion
alternatively you could follow the [Configure webhook manually](#configure-webhook-manually) guide to do it manually
```

> ## Configure webhook manually

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Configuring webhook manually
```
